Walton takes video is fast dynamic apps
which is fast flexible user-friendly and
compact for comfortable entry there are
lots of activities such as start/stop
during pace trading from any browser
Doc's PDF next video and so forth it can
be read multiple times the user wishes
to
well click activate this f bar and then
you most edit you'll appear click ctrl X
fate what are multiple times from the
drop-down there are also an option to
talk so please
by eating on for example you will be
instead of out at work
this app is able to read text from any
browser doc clip or any text in turn
well let's sit down
simply distilling the text and copy it
move the Papa button like Facebook
chatting bliss the button anywhere in
life and the beginning dates by tapping
on to it for a little mundane but juice
will jazz it up try out different sorts
of fresh juices and shakes drag it
anywhere when the reader read the text
box Gmail inbox sorts your email into
categories our body when you don't you
can see what's new hide the pop-up
button by dragging it bottom of the
screen just like they looked at eight